Search Insert Position: Given a sorted array and a target value, return the index if the target is found. If not, return the index where it would be if it were inserted in order.
Lower and Upper Bound: Given a sorted array and a target value, return the lower and upper bound indices of the target value.
Sqrt: Given a number, find its square root using binary search.
First and Last occurrence of a number: Given a sorted array and a target value, return the first and last occurrence indices of the target value.
Search in sorted rotated array: Given a sorted and rotated array and a target value, return the index of the target value.
Min element in sorted rotated array: Given a sorted and rotated array, return the minimum element.
Find peak element in a mountain array: Given a mountain array (i.e., an array that increases and then decreases), return the peak element.
Koko Eating Bananas: Given an array of piles of bananas and the number of hours Koko has to eat them, return the minimum number of bananas Koko can eat in the given time.
Allocate Books: Given an array of pages in a book and the number of students, return the minimum number of pages each student can read.
Aggressive Cows: Given an array of stalls and the number of cows, return the minimum distance between each cow.
Minimize max distance to gas station: Given an array of gas stations and the number of cars, return the minimum maximum distance between each car and the nearest gas station.
Capacity to ship packages within D days: Given an array of packages and the number of days, return the minimum capacity required to ship all packages within the given days.
Median of 2 sorted arrays: Given two sorted arrays, return the median of the combined array.
Nth root of a number: Given a number and the nth root, return the nth root of the number.
Kth element of 2 sorted arrays: Given two sorted arrays and the kth element, return the kth element of the combined array.
Find Peak element II: Given a mountain array, return the peak element.
Find Median in row wise sorted array: Given a row-wise sorted array, return the median of the array.
Search in row wise and column wise sorted array: Given a row-wise and column-wise sorted array and a target value, return the index of the target value.
